Update CHANGELOG for v1.13.1 release (#450)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-code-vscode: CHANGELOG.md

This page documents production updates to Cloud Code for Visual Studio Code. You can check this page for announcements about new or updated features, bug fixes, known issues, and deprecated functionality.

## Version 1.13.1 (July 2021)
### Updates
* Increase Cloud Run default deployment timeout 
* Cleanup unnecessary command palette commands
* Remove usage of gcloud alpha commands
* Add crash reporting UI for bug reports 
* Suppress error feedback notification based on frequency 

### Bug Fixes

> * Surfaces errors if unknown Skaffold API version in skaffold.yaml 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Surface errors due to unknown Skaffold API version in skaffold.yaml 
```

* Improve error handling for gcloud installation when checksum is invalid

> * Prevent errors from minikube status bar to surface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved error handling when using the minikube status bar
```

> * Fixed service and image names to kebab case. [#436](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-code-vscode/issues/436)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed default service and image names to kebab case to deal with spaces, symbols, and uppercase letters present in workspace folder name. [#436](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-code-vscode/issues/436)
```
